# Theme

This documentation is intended for new developers to continue the development of heartland hits. It details the features
of the theme, what requires editing, design decisions, colours and other aspects.

## Features

**Custom Logo:**

* A custom logo that can be added into the header. It can be set and customised through the site identity section.

**Custom Header Image:**

* A custom header image can be added. It will not appear on smaller screens to save space and only appears on the
  front page.

**Social Media Icons:**

* Social media icons appear in the footer. There is a custom menu in the customiser to be able to set the links to each
  of the icons.

**Header and Footer Navigation:**

* A main navigation menu can be placed in the header location. 
* A secondary navigation menu for shorter or custom navigation in the footer. These display inline, so it is recommended
  to make this shorter navigation for more important items.

**All Newsletters:**

* A page created using the **'All Newsletters'** template will display the page title and content at the top, followed
  by
  auto-generated content from the single newsletters. It will show the latest newsletter post at the top and an archive
  below listing all past newsletters. The archive is arranged in date order and grouped by the year, with the newest at
  the top.

**Single Newsletter:**

* Any post that uses the **'newsletter'** category will automatically use the Single Newsletter template. Formatted to
  display the selected newsletter at the top and a list of other available newsletters from the past, organised by date.
  It is a requirement that the post publication date must be set to the date that this newsletter corresponds to for
  this to work.

[Newsletter Demonstration](https://youtu.be/k4tvlRfV1kY)

**Single Event:**

* Any page that uses the **'Single Event'** template will be set up for using an advanced custom field plugin to quickly
  add and display the required event information. <br>

_Set Up for Advanced Custom Fields Plugin:_

* Group 1 - Event Information
    * event_date as date
    * event_time as time
    * event_venue as text
    * event_detail as text area
    * event_recurring as true/false
* Group 2 - Event LineUp
    * performer_name as text
    * performer_time as time
* Set the presentation setting to desired position.
* Set location rules to Post Template is equal to Single Event.
  <br>

_Steps to create a single event:_

1. For a single event, create new page.
2. Change template to Single Event.
3. Enter event title into normal header.
4. Add a feature image.
5. Add additional images or text to body of the page.
6. Fill in the table generated by the advanced custom fields plugin.
   <br>

[Single Event Demonstration](https://youtu.be/VBa67gwCeRw)

**All Events:**

* Any page that uses the **'All Events'** template will display a list of upcoming, recurring and past events. The
  upcoming events are from the current date onwards, the recurring is where the event is ongoing (its details should be
  specified in the details section), and past events are the events in the past.<br>
  _Steps to create all events page:_
    1. For a page that shows all events, create a new page.
    2. Change template to Events.
    3. Enter generic title and content to body. Nothing additional is required as it the remaining content will be
       auto-generated from the single events.

[All Events Demonstration](https://youtu.be/yGbz176-ruE)

## Design

### Layout

A global layout file is used for general content areas to apply across multiple pages or posts. Add in any general
styling into this file.

### Colours

Enter into the colour.scss variables file. The colours used should be under the colour variables section; whilst the
colours used in each element should be listed by purpose. This will ensure that changing all site colours can occur from
a single location.

## Continued Development

### New Site Parts

Site specific sections should be added under the sass/site folder e.g. header and footer. Any of these items should have
their import statements added to the site.scss file.

Any scss that impacts globally across the entire site should be added to the global.scss file.

### Requires Attention

The Google fonts were attempted to be added to the functions.php enqueue, but only the first font would be accessible. A
import statement in the typography file was used to use all fonts, but is not the ideal solution. This requires further
attention.

Responsive text has been attempted with media queries, but could be better handled with a mixin function. One had been
started, but not completed.

